gremlins learning fast especially about
the complexities of macaque
communication every day brings new
examples of how the troop maintains its
social hierarchy and just how important
that is
it's easy to make mistakes showing
respect and knowing how to apologize of
vital life skills
it's the only way to avoid a beating
from someone higher up the social scale
[Music]
sometimes even teeth chattering isn't
enough
[Music]
this is kinder the daughter of the
troops top female in human terms
she's an out-and-out bully she's used to
getting her own way and if she doesn't
she won't hesitate to inflict a nasty
bite she's decided that it's about time
for gremlin to start doing her bidding
she clearly wants gremlin to come with
her perhaps to do some grooming gremlins
mum sitting behind her can't intervene
kinder carries a lot of political clout
in the truth Bremen was deal with this
herself
despite being mauled gremlin does her
best to appear submissive it's the only
way to keep kinder at bay
eventually the bully gets bored gremlin
and her mum make a swift exit
you